docs(tracing): augment Jaeger integration docs (#2971)
openservicemesh/osm: docs/content/docs/patterns/observability/tracing.md

Open Service Mesh (OSM) allows optional deployment of Jaeger for tracing. Similarly, tracing can be enabled and customized during installation (`tracing` section in `values.yaml`) or at runtime by editing the `osm-config` ConfigMap. Tracing can be enabled, disabled and configured at any time to support BYO scenarios.

## Jaeger
[Jaeger](https://www.jaegertracing.io/) is an open source distributed tracing system used for monitoring and troubleshooting distributed systems. It allows you to get fine-grained metrics and distributed tracing information across your setup so that you can observe which microservices are communicating, where requests are going, and how long they are taking. You can use it to inspect for specific requests and responses to see how and when they happen.

When deployed with tracing enabled, Jaeger is capable of receiving spans from Envoys in the mesh that can then be viewed and queried via port-forwarding on Jaeger's UI.

> It can be deployed with OSM as a new instance or you may bring your own instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OSM cli offers the capability to deploy a Jaeger instance with OSM's installation, but bringing your own managed Jaeger and configuring it later is also supported. 
```

### Automatic bring up
By default, Jaeger deployment and tracing as a whole is disabled.

> A Jaeger instance can be automatically deployed by using the `--deploy-jaeger` OSM CLI flag at install time. This will bring up a Jaeger pod in the mesh namespace. To configure all participating Envoys to send spans to it, tracing must be enabled as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Jaeger instance can be automatically deployed by using the `--deploy-jaeger` OSM CLI flag at install time. This will bring up a Jaeger pod in the mesh namespace.
Additionally, OSM has to be instructed to enable tracing on the proxies; this is done via the `tracing` section on the configmap.
The following command will both deploy Jaeger and enable tracing during installation:
```

```console
osm install --deploy-jaeger --set OpenServiceMesh.tracing.enable=true
```

The default bring-up uses the [All-in-one Jaeger executable](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/1.22/getting-started/#all-in-one) that launches the Jaeger UI, collector, query, and agent. 

Jaeger's UI is running on port 16686. To view the web UI, you can use `kubectl port-forward`:
```
OSM_POD=$(kubectl get pods -n "$K8S_NAMESPACE" --no-headers  --selector app=jaeger | awk 'NR==1{print $1}')

kubectl port-forward -n "$K8S_NAMESPACE" "$OSM_POD"  16686:16686    TODO: potentially move this into its own section
```
Navigate to `http://localhost:16686/` in a web browser to view the UI.

### BYO (Bring-your-own)
The following section documents the additional steps needed to allow an already running instance of Jaeger to integrate with your OSM control plane.

> > NOTE: This guide outlines steps specifically for Jaeger but you may use your own tracing application instance with applicable values. OSM supports tracing with applications that use Zipkin protocol

Reviewer: :+1:

```bash
osm mesh upgrade --enable-tracing --tracing-address <tracing server hostname> --tracing-port <tracing server port> --tracing-endpoint <tracing server endpoint>
```
> NOTE: This command upgrades an OSM control plane configuration by upgrading the underlying Helm release. Note that if you choose to use `kubectl patch` instead of using the OSM CLI, your change will not be preserved across release upgrades. 

If you face issues with using `osm mesh upgrade`, troubleshoot [here](https://docs.openservicemesh.io/docs/troubleshooting/cli/mesh_upgrade/)

You can verify these changes have been deployed by inspecting `osm-config`:
```bash
kubectl get configmap osm-config -n osm-system -o yaml
```

#### Deploying Jaeger during OSM deployment

To deploy your own instance of Jaeger during OSM installation, you can use the `--set` flag as shown below to update the values:

```bash
osm install --set OpenServiceMesh.tracing.enable=true,OpenServiceMesh.tracing.address=<tracing server hostname>,OpenServiceMesh.tracing.port=<tracing server port>,OpenServiceMesh.tracing.endpoint=<tracing server endpoint>
```

### Sample Usage of Jaeger

> 1. Run the [OSM Demo](https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm/blob/main/demo/README.md) with Jaeger

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Run the [OSM Demo](https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm/blob/release-v0.8/demo/README.md) with Jaeger
```
